No one's around. Leave a message.
Hey. It's me, leaving a message.
I haven't heard from you in a while.
Just checkin' in, hoping you're OK.
All right.
Take it easy.
Things are still weird
between you and Logan, huh?
Define "weird".
"Weird" as in he's still upset that the
12-hour window you had to be together
got slammed shut on his fingers.
When you put it that way,
yeah, things are still weird.
Did it occur to you that maybe this cure
worked better than you thought?
That virus bitch could be
out of your system for good.
No. I went to see Delbert, the lab geek.
He said the bug's back full blast.
I touch Logan, he dies.
Hey. This is the part
where you're supposed to say that
Logan and me have been through worse,
and we're gonna get through this.
Straight up. Now, come on.
You're gonna be late to work.
- Tell Normal I'm sick.
- Not again, boo!
- You've gotta get outta this apartment.
- I'm going to.
I'm just gonna get out of town for the day.
You know, take a ride, clear my head.
All right. Sounds like you got a plan.
Yeah. I just need to score some gas.
Hey! Excuse me. We were in front of you.
You snooze, you lose.
- That's it.
- Truck's tapped, people. Everybody go home.
Hey. I got a rally in Portland tomorrow, man.
How am I gonna make it without any gas?
Lots of lonely truckers out there. Pretty boy
like you would have no trouble getting a ride.
I ain't leaving without my gas!
Joey! Joey, stop!
Somebody help us! Somebody help!
Joey!
They designed her to be the perfect soldier,
a human weapon.
Then she escaped.
In a future not far from now,
in a broken world,
she is haunted by her past.
She cannot run.
She must fight to discover her destiny.
Hey! Hey, break it up!
Take your hands off him!
Gunshot wound to the abdomen.
Respirations are shallow. Pulse 135.
- Blood pressure?
- 80 over 40 and dropping. Belly's indurated.
- Bullet might've hit a blood vessel.
- Extremities?
- No indication of a spinal cord injury.
- Let's prep her for surgery.
Hoping you're OK. Anyway, take it easy.
You've reached my pager.
Punch in your number.
Come on, people.
- Hurry it up.
- She's lost a lot of blood.
One, two, three.
- Gotta hurry. Let's do it.
- Where am I?
Harbor Lights Medical.
You've had an accident.
- I can't stay.
- Why not? Your copay too high?
Try to relax.
We're gonna take good care of you.
- Get her typed and cross-matched.
- No tests.
- You'll be OK.
- No tests!
- Just try to relax.
- A little help here?
- Hello?
- Hello. To whom am I speaking?
Well, that depends. To whom am I speaking?
Julie Camby, a nurse at
the emergency room at Harbor Lights.
- And you are...?
- Wondering why you're calling me.
We treated a young woman
this morning for a gunshot wound.
She had no identification, only a pager,
and yours was the last number to call in.
- Still with me, sir?
- Would you mind describing the woman?
Five-six, long brown hair... Pretty.
Bar code tattoo on the back of her neck...
- Is she OK?
- Her doctor tells me she's doing fine.
- Been out of surgery an hour now. Resting.
- Can I see her?
- That depends.
- On what?
Can't issue a guest pass
unless I know your name.
Her name might help, too.
Linda Eastman. Got it.
Room 614. Her attending
is a Dr Colleen Harrington.
I know her. I'll call and explain
that Linda is a patient of mine.
I doubt she'll mind giving me the case.
- How fast can you get to Harbor Lights?
- 15 minutes?
Find out all you can about
the people who treated Max,
see if they noticed
anything unusual about her.
- I will.
- We can't risk that exposure.
We can't let anyone tip to the fact
that she's different.
I know the drill. I won't
let anything happen to her.
All right. I'll see you there.
Surgery came off without a hitch.
She should be up and running in a few days.
- Any tests run?
- The usual. Haven't come back yet.
- Should've had them back hours ago.
- This place. Yesterday we ran out of gloves.
Gloves! You believe that?
That never happens at Crestview, though.
- Thanks again, Colleen.
- No problem.
Hey, listen, Sam. A word of advice:
Keep your distance when she wakes up.
- Why's that?
- Girl's got a grip like a vice.
- Thanks for the warning.
- No problem.
Eastman, Eastman...
- There you go. I was just about to get to it.
- Great.
I'm gonna have it run at a private lab.
No sweat off my back.
Mrs Eastman, you really
shouldn't be out of bed.
Oh... Sorry.
- You have a visitor.
- I do?
Your husband's been waiting to see you.
Hello, Linda.
Hey, you.
Visiting hours are over in a couple
of minutes. Try to keep it short.
- Nice haircut.
- Nice gunshot wound.
If I knew this was all it took
to get a visit from Logan Cale,
I would've gotten my ass shot up a while ago.
Brought you a change of clothes.
Thanks.
- So how you feeling?
- Like gettin' outta here.
There's no need.
I got Sam Carr to take over your case.
He's gonna look out for you.
Nobody'll be the wiser.
- Why don't you lie down and relax?
- Yeah... OK.
I guess it would be kind of weird if I just
jumped up and left just a few hours
after I got slugged in the gut.
How'd that happen, anyway? I thought
you were faster than a speeding bullet.
I wish.
I was trying to get this kid out of
the crossfire. Lost track of the shooter.
- Guess you'd better get going.
- Yeah.
If you don't mind,
I was gonna come by tomorrow
just to check on you, see how you're doing.
Yeah.
I'd like that.
OK.
Bye.
What the...?
- This is not good.
- I ran it through the PCA.
It came back as a match to that hantavirus
in LA a couple of years ago.
But the protein structure's different.
Must be a mutated strain.
- Is it virulent?
- Sure as hell looks it.
The RNA's replicating like crazy.
Who's the patient?
- Eastwood. L Eastwood.
- That can't be right. He was my patient.
- I released him this morning.
- It says so right there. L Eastwood.
- L Eastman. You mixed them up.
- Oh, my God.
CDC's gonna wanna know about this.
We could be looking at LA all over again.
- This better be important.
- It is, sir.
All right. Hit me, Otto.
Communications intercepted a call to
the CDC from Harbor Lights Medical.
They're treating a patient
contaminated by an unidentified viral agent.
The CDC dispatched a team
to assess the situation.
And I should find this interesting because...?
The patient's only distinguishing mark
was a tattoo on the back of her neck.
A bar code, sir... It's 452.
- Are you still there, sir?
- Still here, Otto.
Assemble the team. We'll rendezvous in 20.
Yes, sir.
- Who are you?
- My name's Dr George.
I'm with the Centers for Disease Control.
- What are they doing here?
- Try to keep calm.
It's just a precaution until we determine
the origin of your infection.
My what?
When you were brought in yesterday, your
blood was run through a special machine.
It detected a virus in your system.
The hospital called us so we could help you.
I'm not contagious.
You don't need any of this crap.
- We just want to be sure.
- I am sure. I'm going home.
We need to run some tests. I promise
we'll do all we can to keep you comfortable.
As long as I'm a comfortable prisoner,
that's fine.
We're sealed up. Ready to decontaminate.
- Come on!
- Go ahead.
I'm gonna have to check you for lesions,
scar tissue, anything out of the ordinary.
- Nice try, perv.
- Mrs Eastman, please.
- Don't make me put you in restraints.
- Out of my way now, or I'm countin' to three.
You know what? No, I'm not.
It's not good to exert yourself
so soon after surgery.
- I'm fine.
- You're not fine.
You've lost a great deal of blood.
If you're not careful, you just might faint.
- This is gonna be a pissing contest.
- Sir?
The CDCs will hardly hand her over
if they think she's a biohazard.
- So what do we do now?
- Now?
Well, now we go home,
and we pray really, really hard
that she doesn't expose
the massive government conspiracy
that we've been assigned to cover up.
Sarcasm. Very good, sir.
No visitors. Check in over there.
Can I help you, sir?
- Yeah, I'm here to see my wife.
- This facility's under CDC quarantine.
- No one goes beyond this point.
- Did something happen?
Lady on the sixth floor has a nasty bug.
- The CDC's here to check it out.
- Bug? What kind of bug?
- Can't let you through.
- Special Agent White. FBI.
- I'm here for Linda Eastman.
- You'll have to talk to one of the CDC guys.
What, are you slow? I'm FBI.
I don't need to talk to anybody.
Out of the way, bub.
I don't care who you are.
No one gets by without clearance.
...and see if you can't get
a more specific match.
- You in charge here?
- I am.
Special Agent Ames White.
I understand that you're treating
a Linda Eastman. Is that correct?
- Correct. What's it to the FBI?
- She tops our most wanted list.
- I need her ready for transport in 15 minutes.
- You're kidding.
I wish I was.
- What did she do?
- That information is classified.
Classified or not,
she's not going anywhere.
I don't think you understand.
I'm not asking you, I'm telling you.
Tell me again.
- This is a matter of national security.
- Until I know what I'm dealing with here,
- I'm keeping her under quarantine.
- I am taking her, now.
The public has a right
to know what's going on.
Doctor, Channel Three News.
Can I get a statement?
Smile, Mr White. You're on Candid Camera.
What's the CDC doing at Harbor Lights?
Unless you want me to tell that reporter
that you're gonna override a CDC quarantine
and expose the public to a health threat,
I think we're done here.
Thought so.
The CDC idiot won't turn her over.
Not willingly.
- Has he figured out what she is yet?
- No.
But it won't be long before
he figures out she's not a regular girl.
If she decides she's got nothing to lose,
she could blow this whole thing wide open.
We have to find a way to get to her,
terminate her before she does.
Hey, Doc. Where's your body condom?
Better hope I don't sneeze.
Your test results just came in.
You're not contagious.
Wow, told you that about a thousand times.
We needed to take every precaution.
I hope you understand.
Yeah. You know,
we could still be best friends.
Why don't you take these off of me
and I can get the hell outta here?
I'm afraid that won't be possible -
at least, not yet.
Question: Did you pay
your malpractice insurance?
I'd prefer a cash settlement
to taking your house and car.
When we ran these tests, we made some
very interesting discoveries about your DNA.
Why don't you look surprised?
- What's wrong with my DNA?
- Nothing.
These are some of the most amazing
samples of genetic material I've ever seen.
Every single matched pair
coded with information.
Not a single speck of junk DNA
in the entire batch.
Could this have something to do with
your enhanced recuperative powers?
So now you're keeping me here
because I'm too healthy.
Would it surprise you to know
that there's a man from the FBI here?
He seems to think you're a national security
threat. Wants me to turn you over to him.
You can't do that.
No, I don't intend to.
I'm taking you to CDC headquarters.
Gonna see if we can't figure out
the mystery of Linda Eastman.
Hey, don't look so down.
Atlanta's very beautiful this time of year.
Who's he talking to?
I didn't ask.
He didn't say.
Come on, come on.
Here we go.
From our ancestors.
For our children's children.
From my father before me. For my sons.
Why have you called me?
I need help. Do we have
a Familiar at Harbor Lights Hospital?
- Elizabeth Blanchard, a nurse.
- I was hoping you'd say that.
I'm always prepared to reciprocate.
You know how to reach me.
We'll be in touch.
Dammit!
Mario, could you check on 604?
The guy's monitor's on the fritz again.
Nurses' station.
- Betty?
- Yeah?
Line two.
Yes?
From my father before me.
For my sons.
From my mother before me.
For my daughters.
- A Familiar needs your help.
- I'm listening.
There you go.
You want me to kill her?
Is that a problem for you?
I could never refuse a Familiar.
Very good. Contact me when it's done.
Sue? Could you cover for me a minute?
- Sure thing.
- Thanks.
Hi there. Dr George wanted me to check
on you, see how his favourite patient's doing.
There we go.
What's that?
This is just a little something
to help you sleep.
I'd sleep fine if people would stop
coming in here every ten minutes.
Doctor's orders.
Come on, Max. Listen.
Why is it doing that? I feel fine.
Probably just a glitch.
Nothing to worry about.
Maybe you should go check it out.
White has
someone inside.
6326.
Now, this might burn a little bit,
and then it's off to dreamland.
You're in...
Danger.
- What are you doing?
- Suddenly I feel better.
You still have to take your medicine.
Transgenic filth.
I was trying to make it painless for you.
- Now it's going to hurt.
- You took the words right out of my mouth.
Let me guess. You're one of
White's breeding-cult psychos.
You'd think after ten generations of selective
reproduction you wouldn't have a fat ass.
Is that supposed to hurt?
I don't feel pain. How about you?
My God. She's alive.
Stay with her. I'm gonna see
if Dr George is ready for some help.
Let's get some help here!
Let me see if I can get this straight.
She has been your patient for over a year.
You noticed nothing unusual
about her blood work?
She's only seen me twice -
once for a cold, once for the stomach flu.
There was never any need for blood work.
This is why you're harassing my patient?
You think she's a mutant?
- Have you ever heard of Manticore, Doctor?
- Can't say that I have.
Rumour has it Manticore was a covertly
funded genetic engineering facility.
Grew babies in test tubes,
and trained them to be super-soldiers.
With all due respect, I think maybe you've
seen one too many science fiction movies.
Doctor? Linda Eastman's escaped.
Dr Robert Houston to Admitting, please.
Dr Robert Houston to Admitting.
Dr Phillips to Radiology, please.
Dr Phillips to Radiology.
I thought we had her, but she's gone.
She couldn't have gone far.
- Hello?
- Linda Eastman. I'm looking for my husband.
- Are you all right?
- Been better.
I take it that was you
on the other end of my EKG.
- It was the best I could do on short notice.
- How'd you know she was coming after me?
I hacked into White's cell.
I heard him call in a favour from
one of his no-pain, no-gain freaks.
Yeah, well, she's hurting now.
Can you get me outta here
before White finds another way in?
Yeah. I'm working on it, but
hospital security's got every exit blocked.
- Dammit!
- What's wrong?
That news team. Every time they broadcast,
it interferes with my signal.
Got a feeling they're interfering
with your cell. I can barely hear you.
I can't hear you either.
Max, get to the roof, as fast as you can.
Then what?
The top floor is closed. It's totally abandoned.
Shouldn't be any security up there.
I need you to get to the roof, Max.
- Logan?
- Get to the roof.
Logan?
Max!
Max?
No sign of the subject.
Hey. I need to get in touch with Artie McKeon,
does your traffic report. He's a friend of mine.
Good for you. I'm busy.
- Hey!
- It's an emergency.
I wouldn't do that if I were you.
Sorry, but we're under strict orders
to keep you in the confines of this facility.
How strict?
Please put your hands up.
Wait! I'm on your side here.
I killed them to protect us.
Do you have any idea what would happen
if the CDC discovered what you really are?
If they told the world what you really are?
I got one for you: What if they find out
about your little "breeding programme"?
I'm trying to help you, 452.
Sure you are. That's why
you sent that nurse to kill me.
I couldn't take the risk
that you might decide to talk.
- It wasn't anything personal.
- That's good to know.
I'm a practical man.
And at this point,
the only way to keep the CDC
from uncovering who you really are
is to help you escape, alive.
Yeah, right.
Come on, 452.
You're only making this
harder on the both of us.
Someone might have heard those gunshots,
and if they did, they'll be here any minute.
Do you wanna go back into quarantine,
or do you wanna go home?
I'm not gonna hurt you.
Have you ever heard the expression
"my enemy's enemy is my friend"?
Well, the CDC,
in their ill-fitting rubber suits,
are your enemies.
They're my enemies, too.
So that makes me your friend.
Come on, 452.
I'll make you a deal.
I'll put my gun down, and you come out.
Deal? Huh?
I'll take that as a yes.
Qui tacet, consentire videtur.
My pronunciation sucks, but that's Latin.
It means "he who is silent
is understood to consent."
It's a legal term. I went to law school.
I bet you didn't know that.
See? We're sharing.
We're getting to know one another.
Now, I've held up my part of the bargain.
I'd say it's time that you held up yours.
Chop chop, 452. Time's a-wastin'.
It's been fun, as always.
Goodbye, 452.
Max! Take my hand!
Now, Max! Take my hand!
- You OK?
- Not even close.
- Better?
- Better. Thanks.
I know you saved her, but couldn't you
bring her back in better condition?
- C!
- What?
You have a hole in your stomach, you got
a sprained ankle, a couple cracked ribs,
not to mention the cuts and bruises
all over the damn place.
Do me a favour. The CDC ever lock me
down in quarantine, leave me there.
- Consider it done.
- Just so long as we understand each other.
Hey, do we have any more of
that soup left? I'm kinda hungry.
I'll go heat some up for you.
Well, looks like you're in pretty good hands.
Looks like.
I got some Eyes Only stuff
to take care of, so...
- Hey.
- What?
Thanks for, you know...
Yeah.
Take care of yourself, Max.
So things are still weird
between you and Logan.
Yeah, I guess.
Man still loves you, you know.
Risked his ass to save your life.
Yeah.
Wasn't for him, the CDC would
have hold of a real live transgenic.
Now all they got's a few funky lab results.
And a whole lot of questions.
And they're gonna want answers.
I got a feeling they won't
stop until they get them.
We can't hide for ever.
Sooner or later, we're gonna run outta luck.
And I don't even wanna think
about what'll happen then.
Visiontext Subtitles: Karin Baker
ENGLISH